Add docs note about mobile browser memory limits (#473)
r-wasm/webr: src/docs/index.qmd

The webR project is under active development, and the API is subject to change. Be aware that if you are using the latest build of webR the contents of this documentation might be out of date.
:::

::: callout-note

> Some browsers (especially mobile browsers) may place hard caps on the amount of RAM accessible by WebAssmebly *regardless of the amount of memory available on the host device*. Please keep this in mind when developing webR intended for use on mobile devices. Consider including a warning to mobile users if you expect your webR application to exceed 500 MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some browsers (especially mobile browsers) may place restrictive limits on the amount of RAM provided to WebAssmebly *regardless of the amount of memory available on the host device*. Please keep this in mind when developing applications with webR intended for use on mobile devices.
```

* Minor rewording.

* I don't think we need to include the last sentence. We shouldn't include any specific memory limits here since they will likely differ between mobile devices and can change over time as browsers are developed.
